c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.dll.config
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.pdb
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.dll
c:\users\soporte\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.pdb
F:\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.dll
F:\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.pdb
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\obj\Debug\Primera_entrega.pdb
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.dll.config
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Primera_entrega.pdb
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\gustav\Desktop\Primera_entrega\Primera_entrega\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
